hi I'm Ian Gilmore with red line
engineering and red line stands comm to
show you red lines new industrial series
last cabinet this blessed cabinet is all
steel was about 375 pounds
it's powder-coated and it's got a lot of
great features that I'm going to show
you the first of which is the vacuum
filtration system you see here this
vacuum system has a replaceable filter
goes on the bottom of it you've got a
110 volt vacuum that's mounted at the
top here that keeps the inside of it
free of dust so you can actually see
what you're doing this cabinet has got
two 110 volt fluorescent light tubes in
the top of it so there's plenty of
lighting inside it's got 3 doors
you have 2 side doors here you also can
open up the front of the cabinet by
removing these latches and then there's
plenty of room to be able to access the
inside of the cabinet this cabinet also
comes standard with quite a few extra
replacement shields covers for the for
the viewing window here it's got a
heavy-duty San feed nozzle that is
controlled by a foot valve down here at
the bottom for the flow this cabinet
also comes with several extra
replacement nozzles down here on the
bottom left you've got an airflow
pressure regulator and it's I get your
pressure correct down here at the bottom
you have a trapdoor it allows you to
very quickly and easily get all of the
the sand out of it when it's time to
replace it so this cabinet is loaded
with features you can call ups at nine
zero one three five one four seven six
four or visit us online at red line
stands comm to get a shipping quote
thank you